Hello food lovers over there!
I'm here with Valentina, my god daughter.
She is my guest today, she is eight years old.
This week in Argentina we celebrate Children's Day so we'll be cooking togather.
We are going to prepare a Brussel Sprout, Tomato & Cheese Omelette.
You're gonna love it!
Let's get started. Here I have some previously boiled Brussel sprouts,
I'm sure you've never tried them but you'll say you don't like them.
So, you will help me cut some of them in half.
Probably, if we give brussels sprouts to a child just like this they wouldn't like them so, we will add some flavours to them by taking them to a pan with some butter.
Perfect, good job!
Fire, a tablespoon of butter.
Let's take the butter to the whole pan.
Once the pan is hot, let's take our sprouts.
We got a stair for Valu, it was getting a bit complicated.
So now, let's add some pepper.
And some sea salt.
Really, they look good?
Let's turn them to the other side.
This is what we are looking for, some butter flavours in them, then we will add them to our omelette.
Let's take them to a dish.
Look! How's that?
Valentina: It's good.
Great!
Now, let's go on with the eggs, three eggs.
Haha love that technique!
Now, I told you this omelette had tomato...
so let's go with five cherry tomatoes.
Cut them in half.
Good, let's give some love to our eggs.
Wisk them.
Perfect, let's add the tomatoes...
and now, our sprouts. Valentina: All of them?
Feli: No, just some of them.
Now lets add the cheese, you can use the cheese you like, in this case we are using mozzarella cheese.
Break it with your hands.
Let's go now with some cream cheese, you can use cream but this is lighter.
And a little bit of...Valentina: Mustard.
Feli: Great, Valentina, let's make this dance a little bit! And I will add some pepper and salt.
Fire. Butter.
Let's take our mixture to the pan.
Our eggs, tomato, cheese and the main guest which is?
Valentina: "Brisuelas Sprouts".
Feli: Okay yes, "Brisuela sprout" it's the cousin of "Brussels sprouts".
You know what, the first time I saw someone cooking an omelette...
and I was taught how to do it, that was the time when I said: "I want to be a cook".
Maybe this does not happens to you.
Valentina: Emm, maybe it does.
Feli: Maybe yes.
Let's turn this around, well, let's give it the omelette shape.
This looks divine. Let's leave it to finish cooking.
Okay, let's remove it from the fire. Amazing, from now on, everyday omelette!
Well, Valentina is telling me she has the perfect way to decorate this omelette.
Valentina: Well, let's cut a cherry tomato into half and use it to make the eyes...
and here we can put some parsley to make a moustache.
Then another tomato to make the nose. And there it is!
Feli: I love it!
Let's try it now, eat a brussel sprout!
Is it good?
Valentina: Yes.
Feli: Perfect! So we have our Child's Day Menu!
My name is Felicitas Pizarro. Today I have cooked with...Valentina.
Happy Children's Day, cook at home, make some omelettes!
Enjoy!! Bye!